README.md, before:

# Kwabena Aboagye-Heming's Portfolio

Welcome to my personal portfolio! This project showcases my skills, experience, and projects as a software developer specializing in web and mobile development.

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## About

Hello, I'm Kwabena Aboagye-Heming, a dedicated software developer with a passion for crafting exceptional web and mobile solutions. My journey in the world of technology has equipped me with proficiency in various programming languages and frameworks, including HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Vue.js, React, React Native, Ionic Vue, and more.

Beyond coding, I find joy in exploring the great outdoors, delving into new technologies, and engaging in lifelong learning endeavors. I firmly believe in the power of collaboration and am always eager to collaborate with like-minded individuals to tackle exciting challenges and bring innovative ideas to life.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all device sizes.
- **Dynamic Content**: Showcases a variety of projects with detailed descriptions.
- **Navigation**: Smooth navigation across different sections.
- **Social Links**: Easy access to my LinkedIn, GitHub, and Twitter profiles.
- **Downloadable Resume**: Option to download my resume directly from the site.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: Vue.js, React, React Native, Ionic Vue
- **Styling**: CSS, SCSS
- **Build Tools**: Vite, Webpack
- **Version Control**: Git, GitHub
- **Package Management**: npm

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Aboagye-Heming/personal-portfolio.git
    ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    ```bash
    cd personal-portfolio
    ```

3. **Install the dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

To start the development server:

```bash
npm run serve

Commit message:

added deployment link to readme file

README.md, after:

# Kwabena Aboagye-Heming's Portfolio

Welcome to my personal portfolio! This project showcases my skills, experience, and projects as a software developer specializing in web and mobile development.

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## About

Hello, I'm Kwabena Aboagye-Heming, a dedicated software developer with a passion for crafting exceptional web and mobile solutions. My journey in the world of technology has equipped me with proficiency in various programming languages and frameworks, including HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Vue.js, React, React Native, Ionic Vue, and more.

Beyond coding, I find joy in exploring the great outdoors, delving into new technologies, and engaging in lifelong learning endeavors. I firmly believe in the power of collaboration and am always eager to collaborate with like-minded individuals to tackle exciting challenges and bring innovative ideas to life.

## Portfolio Deployment: 
You can access the deployed portfolio at https://kwabena-aboagye-heming.netlify.app/


## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all device sizes.
- **Dynamic Content**: Showcases a variety of projects with detailed descriptions.
- **Navigation**: Smooth navigation across different sections.
- **Social Links**: Easy access to my LinkedIn, GitHub, and Twitter profiles.
- **Downloadable Resume**: Option to download my resume directly from the site.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: Vue.js, React, React Native, Ionic Vue
- **Styling**: CSS, SCSS
- **Build Tools**: Vite, Webpack
- **Version Control**: Git, GitHub
- **Package Management**: npm

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Aboagye-Heming/personal-portfolio.git
    ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    ```bash
    cd personal-portfolio
    ```

3. **Install the dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

To start the development server:

```bash
npm run serve
